# HomeworkWeek7

I wanted to create a page that can filter different food items for when we a user would like to track their calorie, fat and protein intake. My plan was to provide a drop down list of the different food types: meats, vegetables, grains, fruits and dairy. After selecting multiple food items from each category, the user would be able to see the nutritional value of the meal altogether including the calories, fat and protein. This would be a much easier process to track food intake & have a well-balanced meal. Unfortunately, this was more difficult than I expected so I decided to go with a generator that shows which items fit the users diet. After testing, I found that the filter function works efficiently. 

The label & input elements in my html file allowed me to categorize the filters and provide buttons for the user to click when ready to generate. My CSS and Javascript files were also linked in my html, allowing me to control the formatting of my webpage and create interactions with the user. 

Inside of Javascript I filtered items to only show specific arrays when a numeric amount is entered. This may remove select items from the list and only display them when the callback function returns true. The first function, "displayFoodItems", allows me to display all of the food items on the list along with their nutritional values, where I used "items.forEach" to display. Next, I used the "filterFoodItems" and "filteredItems" functions to create an array that will pass the test of the user input. After, I used the "resetFilters" function to clear the input boxes and allow all of the items to return to the page when the reset button is clicked. Lastly, I added event listeners to activate the filter button and reset button when clicked. 

